Dl/stream export project (#9159)
cvat-ai/cvat: changelog.d/20250304_215707_dmitrii.lavrukhin_stream_export_project.md

### Changed

> - Optimized memory usage for projects with YOLO and COCO formats

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Optimized memory usage for project export in YOLO and COCO formats
```
